egs/chime4/asr1_multich/README.md, before:

# [WIP] DNN based frontend system

[Warining] **Not all components are enough tested.**

## Requirements

- pytorch>=1.0
- python>=3.6
- https://github.com/kamo-naoyuki/pytorch_complex


## Components
All components are implemented using PyTorch, thus they can perform with its autograd mechanism.

1. DNN-WPE and conventional WPE

    Based on https://github.com/fgnt/nara_wpe
    Note that DNN-WPE didn't result significant gains comparing with offline-WPE.

    Reference:
    The DNN based spectrogram estimation for WPE was proposed by
    *Neural network-based spectrum estimation for online WPE dereverberation; K. Kinoshita et al.. 2017;*
    https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/f156/c1b463ad2b41c65220e09aa40e970be271d8.pdf

1. DNN-Beamformer

    Based on https://github.com/fgnt/nn-gev
    There are also gev implementation, but it can't work now
    because complex eigen value decomposition in pytorch version 
    is not implemented.
    
    Reference:
    Implemented DNN MVDR based on
    *Multichannel End-to-end Speech Recognition; T. Ochiai et al., 2017;*
    https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.04783

1. Feature transformation
    - Stft -> Fbank
    - Global/Utterance level mean variance normalization


## The traning strategy

1. Using Chime4 data and WSJ0 data as training set.

    WSJ0 is single channel audio data and Chime4 can be used with multi channels.
    so If single channel data comes in the mini-batch when traning time,
    then skipping the neural network for the frontend part,
    and if multi channels comes from, passed it to the frontend.

    Note that different channel data are created to separated mini-batchs.
    To do this, these two data are given with different "category" tags.
1. Skipping the frontend part in the probability of 1/2 when training.

    To traing the backend part with nolsy data,
    passing the multi-channel data to the backend part without the frontend,
    and the backend cannot handle multi-channel, so selecting 1-channel randomly.

Commit message:

Changed to use pip-install for pytorch_wpe

egs/chime4/asr1_multich/README.md, after:

# [WIP] DNN based frontend system

[Warining] **Not all components are enough tested.**

## Components
All components are implemented using PyTorch, thus they can perform with its autograd mechanism.

1. DNN-WPE and conventional WPE: [1], [2]

    Based on https://github.com/nttcslab-sp/dnn_wpe

1. DNN-Beamformer: [3]

    Based on https://github.com/fgnt/nn-gev

1. Feature transformation
    - Stft -> Fbank
    - Global/Utterance level mean variance normalization


## The training strategy

1. Using Chime4 data and WSJ0 data as training set.

    WSJ0 is single channel audio data and Chime4 can be used with multi channels.
    so If single channel data comes in the mini-batch when traning time,
    then skipping the neural network for the frontend part,
    and if multi channels comes from, passed it to the frontend.

    Note that different channel data are created to separated mini-batchs.
    To do this, these two data are given with different "category" tags.
1. Skipping the frontend part in the probability of 1/2 when training.

    To traing the backend part with nolsy data,
    passing the multi-channel data to the backend part without the frontend,
    and the backend cannot handle multi-channel, so selecting 1-channel randomly.


## Reference
- [1] *Neural network-based spectrum estimation for online WPE dereverberation; K. Kinoshita et al.. 2017;* http://www.kecl.ntt.co.jp/icl/signal/kinoshita/publications/Interspeech17/Neural%20Network-Based%20Spectrum%20Estimation%20for%20Online%20WPE%20Dereverberation.pdf
- [2] *Joint Optimization of Neural Network-based WPE Dereverberation and Acoustic Model for Robust Online ASR; J. Heymann et al.. 2019* https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8683294
- [3] *Multichannel End-to-end Speech Recognition; T. Ochiai et al., 2017;* https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3305953
